README.md, before:

# Stricken Down

## [Live Site](https://rakdoslover.github.io/javascript-game-1/)

## Purpose of the Site

My mission was to create a simple site with a "rock, paper, scissors" like game
with a little fantasy twist.
The name of my site is Stricken Down!, which is also the prompt you get when you lose.
You choose one out of five alternatives at the same time as the computer and then
you either win, lose or draw.

Sword beats Shield.
Shield beats Spear.
Arcane beats Cannon.
Cannon beats Sword.
Spear beats Arcane.

## Screenshots of the Site


## Testing


### Validator Testing
#### HTML
- [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
  - No errors detected.

#### CSS
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_uri)
  - No errors detected.

#### Javascript
- [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)
  - No errors detected.

## Deployment
- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
    - In the GitHub repository associated with the Stricken Down!-repository, navigate to the Settings tab.
    - From the branch section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch and press save.
    - Once the Main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here: [SITE](https://rakdoslover.github.io/javascript-game-1/)

## Sources
### Code Institutes Lessons
Went back over most of the lessons on the Javascript and some things for the HTMl/CSS
to get through the main content of the site.

###

Commit message:

Added testing brackets and pictures of site to the readme

README.md, after:

# Stricken Down

## [Live Site](https://rakdoslover.github.io/javascript-game-1/)

## Purpose of the Site

My mission was to create a simple site with a "rock, paper, scissors" like game
with a little fantasy twist.
The name of my site is Stricken Down!, which is also the prompt you get when you lose.
You choose one out of five alternatives at the same time as the computer and then
you either win, lose or draw.

Sword beats Shield.
Shield beats Spear.
Arcane beats Cannon.
Cannon beats Sword.
Spear beats Arcane.

## Screenshots of the Site

### Main page
Here is the main page of the Stricken Down game.
![Main page](/assets/images/home-page.jpg)

### Main page 320px
Here is the main page of the Stricken Down game scaled down into 320px.
![Main page 320px](/assets/images/home-page-320.jpg)

## Testing

**Testing** | **Action** | **Expectation** | **Result**
----------|----------|----------|----------
Main page | Size to 320px using Chrome Dev Tools | Elements look good @ 320px | Works as expected
Main Page | Size to 1920px using Chrome Dev Tools | Elements look good @ 1920px | Works as expected
Title link | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Takes user back to reseted main page | Works as expected
Sword button | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Gives game feedback, win/lose/draw | Works as expected
Shield button | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Gives game feedback, win/lose/draw | Works as expected
Arcane button | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Gives game feedback, win/lose/draw | Works as expected
Cannon button | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Gives game feedback, win/lose/draw | Works as expected
Spear button | Pressing, both in 320px and 1920px | Gives game feedback, win/lose/draw | Works as expected

### Validator Testing
#### HTML
- [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
  - No errors detected.

#### CSS
- [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/#validate_by_uri)
  - No errors detected.

#### Javascript
- [JSHint](https://jshint.com/)
  - No errors detected.

## Deployment
- The site was deployed to GitHub pages. The steps to deploy are as follows:
    - In the GitHub repository associated with the Stricken Down!-repository, navigate to the Settings tab.
    - From the branch section drop-down menu, select the Main Branch and press save.
    - Once the Main branch has been selected, the page will be automatically refreshed with a detailed ribbon display to indicate the successful deployment.

The live link can be found here: [SITE](https://rakdoslover.github.io/javascript-game-1/)

## Sources
### Code Institutes Lessons
Went back over most of the lessons on the Javascript and some things for the HTMl/CSS
to get through the main content of the site.

### Youtube Tutorials
Watched a couple of youtube videos to get some tips on how to start off the javescript
functions. Primarily watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RwFeg0cEZvQ&ab_channel=CodewithAniaKub%C3%B3w)
and [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1_vHArDBRA&ab_channel=BroCode) one.

### [W3Schools.com](https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp)
Found a couple of useful tips regarding flexboxing, background CSS and Javascript
funtions that I didn't get right the first time around.
